top five today are all to do with
humongous disappointment and I'm
basically going to enter games in the
sixth and seventh generation reason why
is because I didn't really play games
and the previous generations as much as
I did those the new generation has just
begun to eighth and I haven't really got
into it yet so I don't know what's going
to disappoint however let's talk about
games that have this point us in the
recent I don't know ten years or so so
we're going to start off with a game
that some people really enjoyed
including myself but in the end we're
disappointed by so here we go number
five is a scream
it's not that Assassin's Creed was
actually bad on the contrary I I liked
it pretty much all of it most of it okay
some of the kind of sucked but let's be
real when you saw the previews when you
saw the trailers it sounded like it was
going to be one of the best games ever
made instead we got a good initial idea
but limited to doing the very repetitive
gameplay over and over again find clues
kill baddies listens the conversation
kill baddies get clues again kill buddy
it was good but it was far from the holy
shit amazing that we expected but
luckily this a scree two came out
again another game I actually pretty
much enjoy for the most part however the
previews and the trailers and of course
Peter led us to believe that we were
going to get like the triple
ay-ay-ay-ay-ay title like on some
next-level RPG ship like I was going to
revolutionize RPGs in general instead we
got a solid RPG with fun combat but
really short on content enjoyable by all
means and again solid but Harley the
next step up it was a shame too because
the ideas that were made for the game
sounded pretty damn amazing
number three layer
now we get into games that actually
really fucking sucked for the most part
on top of being pretty hyped maybe this
game won't be on a lot of people's lists
but man it was on mine I love dragons
and I love pretty graphics and this was
a big game for the ps3 but instead we
got a game with horrible controllers and
boring as beeping objectives even when
they did fix the controls later on a
patch the game wasn't any fun er there's
humongous piece of fucking
disappointment shit that's what I'm
going to call that number two
man I was just so hyped for this game it
had this cool badass shapeshifter who
can basically do whatever he wanted and
had a lot of blood in it I mean even
came out of your shoulders and shit it
was awesome and that sounds great right
but you're wrong you feel underpowered
the bullshit AI that just goes insane on
your ass is ridiculous and don't even
get me started on what the fuck story
that was it was one of the biggest
fuck-up and gaming in general thank God
for infamous number one aliens colonial
Marines a dead alien what the
what a major fuckup I don't really have
to really talk about this game as it's
gotten like Three's everywhere but in
case you haven't heard it has terrible
graphics as a terrible story it has a
terrible amount of shitty fucking
gameplay it is one of the worst games in
the seventh generation and I can't
really I really don't know anybody who
would get this game higher than a five
nobody in my world of life of living
will give this game higher than 25 but
if you like me you'll give it like a
fucking two or three because it's a
piece of shitty poopoo caca so it's my
number one shitty game so that's my top
five really big ass disappointment
mostly the sixth and seventh generation
like I said it doesn't have to be games
that you absolutely hated like I said I
did not hate fable or Assassin's Creed I
like both of them but their games that
were in the end not living up to
expectations of the trailers previews
and of course the creators of this game
so let's your top five or top ten games
that you were just disappointed it and
of course you can add games that with
shit or you can add games that were good
but just didn't live up to what the fuck
you were expecting son or like grand
theft auto four for most people that's
it for today touch my nipples everybody
have a wonderful day